Hi Rohit,
 
Please excuse me for bothering you. I found an issue when I using Cloud API.
 
Issue: The data structure returned by 'storage.file.create' API is not consistent with the structure returned by 'storage.folder.list'.
 
The data structure returned by 'storage.file.create' is like following
 
{
  "jsonrpc" : "2.0",
  "id" : "",
  "result" : {
    "@type" : "file",
    "id" : "/auto-upload/oklcpe-1jyw.jpg",
    "name" : "oklcpe-1jyw.jpg",
    "size" : 3064635,
    "contentType" : null
  },
  "procTime" : 1871
}
 
and the structure returned by 'storage.folder.list' is like 
 
{
  "jsonrpc" : "2.0",
  "id" : "",
  "result" : [
    ...
    {
    "@type" : "file",
    "id" : "/auto-upload/oklcpe-1jyw.jpg",
    "name" : "oklcpe-1jyw.jpg",
    "size" : 3064635,
    "contentType" : "image/jpeg",
    "thumbnail" : {
      "accountId" : "2bf9e1fc-ce0c-4fb3-b27d-d0fbb2314aa0",
      "fileId" : "AFqxUjip9d3UfzKzX2gxmrUSajt_43bdDPWerAXSFGQPNwC_hHGMWgrv5Bmuz7GRPOWrwBBUSSfOsaEbUYEdhXo~:oklcpe-1jyw.jpg",
      "type" : "thumbnail"
    }
  }, 
  ...
  ],
  "procTime" : 712
}
 
The property 'contentType' is null and it hasn't 'thumbnail' property in the data structure returned by 'storage.file.create' by comparing the two structrues.
 
Could the two data structures be consistent?


Hi Dean,
 
Just wondering on how the UI is impacted with the response from those API’s. Looking at Etisalat client the response for folder list has the thumbnail property while the response for file create does not have that property.
And also on the content type which is null that seems to me an issue, would the UI consume that property?
 
Thanks,
Rohit


Hi Rohit,

Thanks for your reply.

The function keeping same structure is that client would reduce the request to Wetop. If  the response includes content type and thumbnail, client would cache the result and it would not send 

request when opening Cloud file manager.

Now it always sends request to get cloud information when opening Cloud file manager every time in 2.3. I wants to reduce the request.

