##
Shuan,

I'm evaluating the effort of **integrating or implementing** Ux23-Cat-x in client and viewed your design about the feature.

I went through the design documents and have some questions about details.

1. If category view is enabled, does response of 'mail.folder.list' API include virtual folders?
   If not, what API the client should use to get virtual folders? 

2. If user opened a virtual folder, would client use 'search by flag' to get the first page and page through virtual folder?

3. If user opened a virtual folder and did a quick search or advanced search, would client still use 'mail.message.search' or 'mail.message.advancedSearch' API to get search result?

Many thanks,

Lily

##
Shaun,

Will the upcoming Octane build include any update about category views?

If yes, could you please tell me which API is ready?

##
Client needs to show message total count and unread count for every folder.

If category view is enabled, client will display virtual folders 'Inbox', 'Social' and 'Commercial'.

For getting real folders and message count of virtual folders, client has to send three 'simpleSearchByFlag' requests and one 'mail.folder.list' request in loading mail folder phase.

I'm not sure if this will be a performance issue.

##
If I use 'multiFlag' to generate test data, is it right to set flag 'V_INBOX' for virtual 'Inbox' folder, 'V_SOCIAL' for 'Social' folder and 'V_CLUTTER' for 'Clutter' folder?
 
And I have some questions about 'simpleFlagSearch' API.
 
I assume the request to load a category folder looks like the following.
 
`mail.message.simpleFlagSearch{"folderPaths":["INBOX"], "sort":{"field":"natural","direction":"descending"}, setFlags: ['V_INBOX'], "uidsOnly":true, persist: true, count: 25}`
 
1. Under what situation should client set multiple values into 'folderPaths' field?
 
2. Under what situation should client use 'unsetFlags'?
 
Incidentally, it took about 59290ms to get the response of 'simpleFlagSearch' (mail.message.simpleFlagSearch{"folderPaths":["INBOX"], "sort":{"field":"natural",
"direction":"descending"}, setFlags: ['V_INBOX'], "uidsOnly":true, persist: true, count: 25})

In the same test environment it takes about 162.19ms to get response of 'mail.message.list'.

I'm not sure if it's a performance issue.

