Hi Shaun,

Sorry, what do you mean really by 'Will the UI have the ability to re-categorise messages?'.

what does 're-categorise' here mean, could you give me an example?

In previous implement client have used 'mail.category.message.move' API to move message in category view mode.

But the API requires client to have its virtual folder id if source/target folder is a category folder.

Unfortunately, the virtual folder id might be invalid because of mail session ended or mail checking, etc.

I think client can reduce dependence on virtual folder id by using other APIs in new UI design, for example:

1. In loading mail list phase.

      There is no need to create virtual folder ids for social and clutter category because client doesn't need to show total/unread count for category folders.

      And client would send the below request to load the first page of 'Focused' mail list and get virtual folder id used for following pages.

      mail.message.simpleFlagSearch{"accountId":"","sort":{"field":"natural","direction":"descending"},"folderPaths":["INBOX"],"setFlags":["V_INBOX"],"count":25,"persist":true,"messagePreview":true}

2. Move message(s) between category folders
     
     Client would use 'mail.message.multiFlag' to update its category flag and clear virtual folder ids of target and source folder.
      
      Client would use 'mail.message.simpleFlagSearch' to load message list when there is no virtual folder id.
 
      The benefits of doing so are:

      * Client doesn't need to know what virtual folder id of target category is.
      * The move request would still succeed even if target virtual folder id became invalid.

      It would make client code more clean and robust.
 
3. Move to an IMAP folder from a category

      Client would still use 'mail.category.message.move' because it can get the virtual folder id of current category.

4. Move to Inbox from an IMAP folder


      Client would use 'mail.message.move' to move the message into inbox and clear virtual folder id of category folders.

      The category flag of message would stay the same.
  
      The message would automatically go back to its original category folder.

what do you think from webtop API perspective?
