# Original 

* This search is a multi-condition search(Search by file name, file type and sort type).//描述多条件的搜索
* If file name is not null, will show clear button, click the clear button can clear the value of search filed and show the search result search by file type and sort type.
* If file name is not null, change file type or sort type, do not clear the value of search field, and show search result search by multi-condition (file name, file type and sort type).
* Effect all drop down list.After user change combo box, will focus on next field automatically.

* It cased by slow-speed of network， after user click 'add' button, we will create a new folder component, then set the folder name can be edit. if save failed, we will remove this component, but when network is slowly, and user keep add new folder under this folder, may cause this issue.I find that it cost about 10s to save this folder by webtop.log

# Rewrite by Hai

* This search is a multiple constrains search(???). It can search by file name or file type and it supports multiple sorting of search result.
* When you input something in filename field, it will show a clear up button on right of the box. Click the button, it will clear up the filename field and search result will show up and sorted in xxx area. Or:
* If file name field is not empty, a clear up button will be shown up. Click the clear button will empty the search filed and show up and sorted the search result in xxx area automatically.
* (Homework to update it) If file name is not null, change file type or sort type, do not clear the value of search field, and show search result search by multi-condition (file name, file type and sort type).
* It’s a common behavior of all dropdown list. When user click/select an item in the list, focus will move to next field automatically.
* (Not quite sure, need to talk with Charlie to confirm) It caused by low speed of network. After click ‘add” button, we will create a new folder. If save failed, we’ll remove this folder. But when network is slow and user is keeping add new folders under this folder, it could bring this issue. I found that it costed about 10s to save this folder by webtop.log.