Complexity

High: 14 files

Potential side effects

Performance
Calendar UI

Committed changes

1. If 'WebtopConfig.calendar.enabled' is true, fire 'loadcalendarlist' event to load calendar in Mail.js.
2. Listen 'loadcalendarlist' and load calendar list only in CalendarList.js.
3. If it's an invite notification and 'WebtopConfig.calendar.enabled' is true, display 'gridEventList' component and fire 'receivedInvite' event in MsgBody.js.
4. Listen 'receivedInvite' to load events in MailDetail.js.
5. Add 'GridEventList' component in Common Folder which is extended in Rich and Touch.


Developer testing carried out
Tested RichUI in Firefox, safari, chrome, ie11 
1. Selected an invite email, watched preview window. Verified that 'gridEventList' component displayed at bottom of email body and verified the start position and the height of every event.
2. Selected an non-invite email, watched preview window. Verified that 'gridEventList' hid.
3. Created some events with same length and time stamp, then selected the relative invite email and watched preview window. Verified that 'gridEventList' component displayed at bottom of email body and verified the start position and the height of every event.
4. Created some events with different length and different time stamp, then selected the relative invited email and watched preview window. Verified that 'gridEventList' component displayed at bottom of email body and verified the start position and the height of every event.
5. Under 'Setting' page, selected a RTL language in 'Local' item. Went back preview window and Verified that 'gridEventList' component displayed at bottom of email body.
6. Clicked the 'mail-collapseBtn' icon. Verified that 'gridEventList' component displayed at bottom of email body.
7. Dragged the splitter bar. Verified that 'gridEventList' component displayed at bottom of email body.
8. Adjusted the window's size. Verified 'gridEventList' component displayed at bottom of email body.

Tested TouchUI on Ipad.
Under 'Setting' page, selected a RTL language in 'Local' item. Verified 'gridEventList' component displayed at bottom of email body.
Tapped the 'detail-expend' icon. Verified 'gridEventList' component displayed at bottom of email body.

Config changes

NA

API changes
[APIChanged] Use JSON (calendar.event.report) API to load events in CalendarManager, but still keep the XML type in Calendar.

UI Compatibility

[UIChanged] display the recipient calendar around the time of the event to help user deciding on accepting or declining the event.
