# Original
1.
Hi Roshni,

RUI doesn't have the options of sort order before, so the contacts was sorted by the default order (lastname), but now, we provide a picker for user to select the order, after re-login, conatcts will be sorted by the option which user selected last time.

Thanks

Shirley.

2.
This issue should be 'work as expected', the reason is the same with PERIDOT-10812, the "Recurring Daily event" is a sequence of events, choosing one event in this series, even modified it's name and value of repeat, it still belong to this sequence. So delete "All the instance in the series", all the events were delected (include the reedit event).
But this action is different with outlook. outlook does not allowed user to modified the value of repeat (only allowed to modify event name), user can only edit 'all the event series' if he want to modify the value "repeat".  
However, in RUI, user can modify name and "repeat" freely no matter he edit single event or all the events. So I think RUI should change it's action and keep consistent with outlook.

# Refactored

RUI doesn't have the sort order options before, and the contacts was just sorted default by lastname. But now we've provided a picker for user to select and remember the sort order, and so every time user logged in, contacts can keep the sort option user selected last time.


This issue should be "work as expected" and the reason is the same as Peridot-10812. The "Recurring Daily event" is a series of events, and modifying any one in this series of its name and repeat option, it still belongs to this series. So delete "All the instance in the series", all the events will be delected (include the reedit event).
However, this behavior is different with outlook, which doesn't allow  user to modify the value of repeat and user has to edit 'all the event series' if he wants to modify the "repeat" value.  

If you think our current behavior is not acceptable, please add your comments and pass it Product Manager Matthieu to evaluate and make the decision.







