Hi Roghit,
 
I'm Dean from R&D. I am working for cloud feature recently.
 = This's Dean from R&D. I am working for cloud feature recently.
 
I found one of the request returned the following error if sent the two requests('storage.folder.list' as A, 'storage.account.getQuota' as B) at the same time.
== I found one of the requests will return error when I send 'storage.folder.list' and ‘storage.account.getQuota' together.

But if I sent B after the request of A came back or sent A after the request of B came back, it worked fine.
==  However it works when I send them one by one in order, which means send second request until the first request come back .

Could you please tell me does it work as designed or it is an error? Thank you!
== Could you please tell me it is designed like this or not?

The error is like
== The error is attached here.
"error" : {
    "code" : 2600200,
    "message" : "Webtop error",
    "data" : {
      "message" : {
        "parameters" : {
          "status" : "serviceUnavailable"
        },
        "key" : "storage.externalServiceHttpFailed"
      },
      "code" : "STORAGE_ERROR"
    }
  },
  
  
  
Hi Rohit,
 
Thank you for your reply.
== Thanks for your reply.
 
The latest personal cloud jar I used was webtop-personal-cloud-1.0.6.jar. And the following properties was configured in webtop config.

==The latest personal cloud jar that I used was webtop-personal-cloud-1.0.6.jar. And the following properties were configured in webtop config.
 
I know the relevant ticket is https://tools.synchronoss.com/jira/browse/WEBPC-22  from my co-worker Larry. But the issue I said still exists.
==I know the relevant ticket  https://tools.synchronoss.com/jira/browse/WEBPC-22 is from my co-worker Larry. But the issue, that I said, is still exists.

 
Could you please check the issue again? Thanks! 
 
<personalcloud enabled="true" resourceUrl="https://common-aws1-us-east-1-qa-wlpc.cloud.synchronoss.net/" resourceUrlDVPath="dv" resourceUrlCloudSharePath="share" repoName="SyncDrive" cloudShare="1.1">
    <readOnly value="false" />
    <thumbnails value="true" />
    <accountCrudOps value="true" />
    <hashName value="SHA-256" />
    <acceptHeader value="application/vnd.newbay.dv-1.18+xml" />
    <applicationIdentifier value="webtop" />
    <accountName value="SynchronossPersonalCloudAccount" />
    <thumbnailSize value="j24" />
    <canBrowse value="true" />     
    <canCreateDirectory value="true" />       
    <canSave value="true" />
    <sleepMillis value="1000" />
    <maxRetries value="2" />
</personalcloud>

Hi Rohit,

Thank you for your reply. I guess the issue is due to the environment. I will check it out. Thank you very much!
 
