# Original

### Restructrued 'Contact-Form' feature
1. Created a component named 'ContactFormToolbar' in which there has 'saveBtn' and 'cancelBtn'.
2. Created a component named 'ContactFormPanel' in which there composes the 'ContactFormCntr' container and the 'ContactFormToolbar' component.
  And there holds the state named 'isToSaveForm' in order to communicate between 'ContactFormCntr' and 'ContactFormToolbar'.
3. Removed the 'saveBtn' and 'cancelBtn' from 'ContactFormCntr'.
### Restructrued 'Contact-Duplicate-Merge' feature
1. Removed the 'ContactDuplicateFormCntr' container and the 'ContactDuplicatePreviewCntr' container.
2. Created a component named 'ContactDuplicatePreviewItem' component.
3. Updated the 'ContactDuplicateMergeCntr' container in which there composes the 'ContactDuplicatePreviewItem' component 
  and the 'ContactEditForm' component. And there also implemented the 'Merge' function by 'isToMerge' property from parent component.
4. Updated the 'ContactDuplicatePanel' component in which there holds a state named 'isToMergeContacts' to communicate between the 
  'ContactDuplicateToolbarCntr' container and the 'ContactDuplicateMergeCntr' container.
### Others
1. Applied the 'Resource' action to get resource and to upload image in 'ContactAvatarCntr'. And there gets the 'contactId' property from
  parent component instead of by 'selector'.
2. Some modifications to pass 'contactId' property in relevant components or containers.
3. Removed unused methods and renamed the 'serializeSectionData' method.
3. Some other modifications in order to restructure codes in relevant files.

# Refactor

### Restructrued 'Contact-Form' feature
1. Created "ContactFormToolbar" component with "saveBtn" and "cancelBtn" in it.
2. Created "ContactFormPanel" compmonent constructed by "ContactFormCntr" container and the "ContactFormToolbar" component. And there holds the state named "isToSaveForm" responsible for communication between 'ContactFormCntr' and 'ContactFormToolbar'.

### Restructrued 'Contact-Duplicate-Merge' feature
2. Created a component named 'ContactDuplicatePreviewItem'.
3. Updated the 'ContactDuplicateMergeCntr' container composed by 'ContactDuplicatePreviewItem' and 'ContactEditForm' components. And there also implemented the 'Merge' function depends on 'isToMerge' property from parent component.
4. Updated the "ContactDuplicatePanel" component by adding a state named "isToMergeContacts" for the communication between the 
  'ContactDuplicateToolbarCntr' container and the 'ContactDuplicateMergeCntr' container.
  
### Others
1. Applied the 'Resource' action to get resource and to upload image in 'ContactAvatarCntr'. And to get the 'contactId' property from parent component instead of by 'selector'.

3. Removed useless methods and renamed the 'serializeSectionData' method to ?.
4. Some other modifications in order to restructure the codes.
