Sean Smith, UI has changed after you fixed it in hinoki06. But there are still two questions:

1, When to add the three parameters?

2, How size the value of scaleToPagesX/scaleToPagesY/isLandscape to set or where to get the value?

------------------------ written by Sean Smith -------------
Dean Feng,

When to add the three parameters?
When making the request to transcode the document.

How size the value of scaleToPagesX/scaleToPagesY/isLandscape to set or where to get the value?
There are defaults set on the media transcoder server. They should be:

scaleToPagesX: 1
scaleToPagesY: 1
isLandscape: true
Which means, when transcoding a spreadsheet, OpenOffice will attempt to scale content to 1 page (depending on the size of the spreadsheet, this may not be possible) and the orientation will be landscape.

The scaleToPages parameters must be either less than 0 which will disable scaling or a positive whole number e.g. 1, 3 10 etc. The isLandscape parameter is a boolean (true/false).

Before these changes, the defaults would be -1 for the scaleToPages parameters and false for isLandscape.

After that, it is up to you what values you provide. You should confirm with Meiwen Hwang and Matthieu Lachance what the requirements are from a UI perspective as it is not clear to me what is expected. As mentioned in previous comments, the functionality that exists today is was, as far as I am concerned, what Telstra requested from discussing with both Meiwen and Matthieu. I have no idea what is being requested now.

----------------------------- written by me -------------
Tested "Email Template.xsls" attachment in http://rwc-hinoki06:9090/koala/index-tui.jsp in which the scaleToPagesX's/scaleToPagesY's value is 15.
The content was clear. And tested document and other xsls, there is no problem found.
