Hi Sean,

I added "scaleToPagesX", "scaleToPagesY" and "isLandscape" into parameter.
But the response was same with the response with no these parameters.

Another question: When to add these three parameters and where is value of these parameters from?

--------------------------------
Dean Feng,

Can you provide a couple of things:

What request is the UI making to the Webtop to transcode the spreadsheet?
What is then being passed from Webtop to the Media Transcoder?
I suggest using a tool like tcpdump to trace the traffic e.g. "sudo tcpdump -i any port 8080 -w webtop-tcpdump.pcap" then attach the pcap file to this ticket.

Alternatively, if you could provide me with full access to the machine where the UI, Webtop and the media transcoder are installed and I will do more investigation.
I will need accounts on the machine and user accounts too.


----------------------------------
The first:

Login in http://rwc-hinoki06:9090/koala/index-tui.jsp with linus/p, there is a message in which the subject is 'xsls-preview'.
Preview the attachment in the message detail. But the request has not "scaleToPagesX"("scaleToPagesX", "scaleToPagesY" and "isLandscape") into parameter.
You can exec the following code in developer tools of Chrome.

```javascript
Common.data.JsonRpc.request({
    url: Constant.MEDIASERVER_URL,
    params: {r: '<resource ' + Common.data.Webtop.encodeServiceParams({
	    	resolver: 'mail',
	        accountId: '',
	        folder: "INBOX",
	        uid: "1028",
	        part: "1",
	        filename: "Email Template.xlsx",
	        contentType: "vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.sheet",
	        estimatedSize: "57440"
	    }) + '/>'
    },
    forceParams: {
        clientId: 1469078852862,
        scaleToPagesX: 1.2,
	      scaleToPagesY: -1
    },
    errorHandler: Ext.emptyFn,
    callback: function (request, success, response) {
        console.log(arguments)
    }
});
```
Maybe the value of 'clientId' parameter is not right. You can get the right value of 'clientId' by previewing attachment in message detail.

The second:

The machine where the UI, Webtop and the media transcoder are installed is rwc-hinoki06.
