##
I think it's possible to specify a category as its destination folder when reporting a message.

When user mark a message (from search result/Spam folder) as not spam, the destination folder is Inbox.

For example:

User opens Spam folder and clicks 'Mark as not spam' menu, the client will send a request as the following.

`{"method":"mail.message.report","params":{"accountId":"","folderPath":"Junk","selection":{"uids":["1025"]},"type":"notJunk","destFolderPath":"INBOX"},"id":"Junk"}`

If category view is enabled, does client need to invalidate virtual folder id of Inbox and set category flag and vade flag for the message to be marked as not spam?



##
When user moves a message into/out Spam folder, client currently uses 'mail.message.searchReport' API to mark messages as spam/unspam .
If category view is enabled, should client use 'mail.category.message.move' or 'mail.message.searchReport' for the case ?

Answers to the two quesitons:

**Could the client automatically re-run the search and move if the source vfolder id is invalid?**
 
The client can automatically re-run the search but can't move again.
Because the message moved not be in the first page and client can't make sure the message info is in new search result.

**What does the client currently do if the user moves a message from a set of search results to a different IMAP folder?**

The client just pops up a error message and doesn't handle it further.
Seems It's a remaining issue.


##
Yes, it's very useful for the client.

But I'm still have some questions about the new API.

1 If both 'sourceVirtualFolderId' and 'destVirtualFolderId' were invalid, would the command work?

2 Will the sequence of APIs in a batch request affect request result? 

  For example:

If user ran a search and then selected four messages to move into 'social' category folder. 

Two messages existed in 'SentMail' IMAP folder, two messages existed in inbox folder.

I assume the batch request looks like the following.

 `mail.category.message.move { "sourceVirtualFolderId": "1", "virtualSelection": [ { "uid": 1081, "folderPath": "INBOX" } ], "set": [ "V_SOCIAL", "social" ], "unset": [ "V_INBOX", "clean"], "destVirtualFolderId":  "2" }

 mail.category.message.move { "sourceFolderPath": "SentMail", "selection": { "uids": [ 1097 ] }, "set": [ "V_SOCIAL", "social" ], "unset": [ .... ], "destVirtualFolderId": "2" }`

If reversing the request order, inbox cache may be cleared, would it affect the next command?

3 I don't understand the statement (The 'sourceVirtualFolderId' represents the cache - if webtop invalidates it, then it returns the id on its response.), could you please explain it more detail, such as what 'id' here means?
