Matthieu,

The issue happened when user dragged the slider but released mouse in advertisement area.

The root cause is that the advertisement area is a iframe from which the slider component can't receive mouse down event.

the client can't completely fix the issue because the slider is a third-party component and we can't override it.

In Peridot 2.1 the client's solution was setting a margin of 60 pixel between advertisement area and the slider to reduce occurrence frequency.

I suggest to lower the issue priority to S4 because it's hard to reproduce.

And we can also put the slider between 'Search' button and pagination tool to further reduce occurrence frequency.

What do you think about it?






Rohit Gupta,

The client can control how to display the file name of attachments in UI, such as fetching the file name from special tag as file name.

But it's not under control of the client that what the file name of an attachment would be after downloading.

If to download an attachment, client sends a request like the following.

{"method":"mail.message.attachment.getPart","params":{"accountId":"","folder":"Drafts","uid":1087,"part":"2","wantsTranscoding":false}}

If saving all as zip, the request sent by the client would be as the following.

{"method":"mail.message.attachment.getPart","params":{"accountId":"","folder":"Drafts","uid":1087,"part":"*","wantsTranscoding":false}}

There is no parameter for client to specify what the file name is.

It depends on server-end that what the file name is after downloading.

