##
Hi Shuan,

Is it possible to use the solution Mark Green mentioned?
Because currently the client read 'msgcount' attribute as total count for 'msgheaderlist', 'vmsgheaderlistadvanced' and 'vmsgheaderlist' API.
If using different attribute ('msgcount' or 'threadcount') to represent total count, 
the client must check conversation mode to decide which attribute total count should be before sending a request.
That would really increase client efforts and make client code fragile.

##
Hi Ashleigh Brennan,

Jake and I checked comments around 'contactitemDisplayTypes' and 'extensionNameTypeMap' and we think it's okay.
But I remember Shaun Bailey added the config 'contactitemDisplayTypes', you can double confirm it with him.
Regarding to 'openwave', I can see the section in webtop-config.xml from kiwi.
```
 <openwave>
        <mxos url="http://rwc-hinoki05:10001/mxos" maxConnections="50" connectionTimeout="120s" readTimeout="60s" contextId="MXOS-REST-WEBTOP" />
 </openwave>
 ```
Regarding to 'maxMergeSize', I didn't also found the key in webtop-config.xml, I think you can remove it


##
Hi Shuan,

Sorry, I got it wrong, I mixed 'contactItemDisplayTypes' up with 'displayName'. 
Regarding to 'contactItemDisplayTypes', you're right, the client doesn't use it.
Seems it should be removed from webtop-config.xml.
Thanks for your so clear explanation!

##
The menu "Flag and set reminder" is always hidden in SDK because the feature is not ready, please check customization code to turn off it.
The menu configuration is in Richui.view.mail.toolbar.MailListToolbar and Richui.view.mail.mixin.MailToolbarMixin file in SDK.
It looks like the below.
```
{itemId: 'flagReminder', hidden:true, text: Locale.mail.action.FLAG_REMINDER, cls:'automation-maillisttoolbar-flagreminder-menu', enableWhen: 'singleOnly'}
```

