Matthieu,

There are two issues (PERIDOT-11581, PERIDOT-11564) existing in attachment view mode when category view is enabled. 
The root cause is that category view and attachment view are compatible (confirmed with Thunder). (**Further discussion needed**)
I think we should prompt user that when she/he tries to switch between category view and attachment view.
How about telling the user like the following?
1) Enable attachment view, pop up says: While in attachment view, inbox sorting (between Inbox, Social and Commercial) will be off.
2) Enable category view, pop up says: Enabling inbox sorting will disable attachment view.
3) Deploy category view for the first time, pop up says: While in attachment view mode, inbox sorting (between Inbox, Social and Commercial) will be off. Do you want to proceed?
 
Thanks,
Lily



Matthieu,

I suggest not to show social and clutter folder when both category view and attachment view are on.
There would be many issues if client displays inbox, social and clutter in attachment view mode.
  1. The content of attachment list would be entirely the same when user select inbox, social or clutter folder. This is weird.
  2. If user selected a message to move to another virtual folder, it wouldn’t succeed. Because all messages in different category folder actually belong to the unique inbox folder.
  3. The total unread count of inbox/social/clutter isn't able to be updated correctly after moving message(s) into/out a category folder. Because client don't know which category folder is affected by response.
What do you think about this?
 
Thanks,
Lily
 
