# Abstract: find some problem after using "msgheaderlist" API updated recentlly

# Original

Shaun,

I tried the API, the 'unseen' option works.
But the client needs to do many changes to apply the 'unseen' sort by.
Currently the logic of the 'seen'  column is the same with others columns.
User clicks column header to select a sort-by and change sort-order.  
The store sends request with the selected sort by and sort order.
Such as for the subject column the request is as the below
<request><mail action="msgheaderlist" accountId="" folder="INBOX" sortby="subject" sortorder="asc" count="25" recipients="true" start="0"></mail></request>
<request><mail action="msgheaderlist" accountId="" folder="INBOX" sortby="subject" sortorder="desc" count="25" recipients="true" start="0"></mail></request>
If applying the 'unseen' sort by,  user select the 'seen' column with 'asc', 
the sort by needs to be changed to 'unseen' and sort order needs to be changed to 'desc' in its request.
For the special 'seen' column the client must write a lot of tricky codes to mapping sort by and sort order between the store and grid
and to mapping sort by  and sort order in different view mode.
The change may affect refreshing mail list and switching conversation view cases.

The client doesn't want to bring in the 'unseen' option  and hopes the sort by 'seen' can meet the below requirement. 
'seen' ASC, sort by unread first, then sorted by the newest first.
'seen' DESC, sort by read first, then sorted by the newest first.

If server-ends can support it, the client will not have to make any changes.
Is it possible?

Thanks!
Lily

# Refactored
