Hi Rohit,

Discussed with Jake again, we think the client should firstly make sure that user can edit attachments in a draft.

If generating a link by server-end, it's difficult for client to translate a link text in mail body into a link attachment of compose window.

The client would remain current UI design on attachments.

For a link attachment in a draft:

Click the file name, a link would be opened in a new browser window rather than being downloaded directly.

Click the icon, if server-end doesn't support preview of a link attachment, client would disable the feature on link attachment.  Does server-end support to preview a link attachment?

Click 'Save all as ZIP', we hope server-end can update relevant API to only save normal attachments or save all attachments with real link attachment files (not fake link attachment file). 

If it's not easy to implement, is it possible to update 'mail.message.attachment.getPart' to generate a zip file for specific attachments?

For example: 
If a draft has 4 attachments, part 3 is a link attachment, click 'Save all as ZIP', client would pass parameter '1, 2, 4'.
{"method":"mail.message.attachment.getPart","params":{"accountId":"","folder":"INBOX","uid":412,"part":"1, 2, 4","wantsTranscoding":false}}

Thanks,

Lily



Hi Matthieu,

About question 1:

There is a config '<maxuploadsize value="5m" />' in webtop-config.xml.
It means that the total size of attachments in a compose shouldn't greater than 5MB.
So, if cloud and hugemail are turned off, user is not able to upload a file greater than 5MB.
If there is cloud and user uploads a file greater than 5MB in compose, the file will be saved to cloud.

About question 2: 

When the file size is smaller than 5MB, it will be a normal attachment and be saved in IMAP.
When user upload a file greater than 5MB and click 'Save' button in compose, the file would be an attachment as link in draft.
User can't really download or preview the attachment as link in client.

Discussed with Jake and Rohit, we want to handle the case as the following:

Click the file name of an attachment as link, a link would be opened in a new browser window rather than be downloaded directly.

Click ‘Save all as ZIP’ button, the zipped folder only includes attachments that are not links. If a draft has only link attachments, ‘Save all as ZIP’ button would be disable.

Client would disable preview feature on attachment as link because server-end doesn’t support.

How do you think about it?

Thanks,

Lily
