# Original

* In doWhenSaveDraft method in ComposeController.js, if the folder tree is not rendered, method getCurrentFolderModel() can not get current Folder, so it can't judge current folder is draft folder. FolderStore is loaded after login. Now find current folder through foldername from folderStore.(peridot-10782)
* UIA Automation:
[UIAImpact]: 'print event list' is replaced with 'print calendar'; after clicking the 'print calendar' button, it will pop up a message. after clicking 'OK' button, it will go to a new tab containing pdf.(peridot-10589)
* In week view, click the all day blank, it will go to event edit panel. The all day is checked.Should the end time add value of 'Default event duration' in settings ? About this issue,talk with Joey, we reach an agreement that if create an all day event, the end time will not be affected by the event duration. So peridot-10235 will be reverted, not fixed. Thanks.(peridot-10582)
* After comparing the two menus, 'Block Sender' should display only in preview panel. so the difference is only that 'save as eml ' button does't exist in more menu. I will fix this.(peridot-10580)

# Refactored

* In doWhenSaveDraft method in ComposeController.js, if the folder tree is not rendered, method getCurrentFolderModel() can not get current folder, so it can't tell if current folder is draft folder. That's because FolderStore is loaded after login. So, now we can find current folder through folderName in folderStore. (Peridot-10782)
* UIA Automation:
[UIAImpact]: 'Print event list' is replaced with 'print calendar'; After clicking the 'print calendar' button, it will pop up a message. After clicking 'OK' button, it will go to a new tab containing pdf. (Peridot-10589)
* In week view, click the 'all day' button, it will go to event edit panel. The all day is checked. Should the end time add value of 'Default event duration' in settings ? I talked with Joey about this issue and we reached an agreement that if creating an all day event, the end time will not be affected by the event duration. So Peridot-10235 will be reverted, not fixed. Thanks. (Peridot-10582)
* After comparing the two menus, 'Block Sender' should display only in preview panel. So the only difference is that 'save as eml' button doesn't exist in more menu. I will fix this. (Peridot-10580)