Hi, Rohit
 
I have a question about storage.account.list API. The response of the API between Etisalat and the current implementation is different.
 
Etisalat:
 
id:"ba40a12e-7ff7-480c-8a88-0a09615794b8"
name:"SiggisPrivatePlanetAccount"
 
properties:{transitionPolicy: "single", canSave: "true", canBrowse: "true", canCreateDirectory: "true",…}
canBrowse:"true"
canCreateDirectory:"true"
canSave:"true"
defaultUploadFolder:"attachments"
endpoint:"http://p2w.pripla.com"
maxFileSize:"20000000"
transitionPolicy:"single"
userName:"testUser2"
type:"PrivatePlanet"
 
 
Current:
 
id:"4417238e-fa28-423e-afdd-116d33466736"
name:"SynchronossPersonalCloudAccount"
 
properties:{userName: "520aab0bef1146c2bacbacdf032ce378", applicationId: "ea591803-3e7c-4c42-a91a-55f5eb7612d8",…}
applicationId:"ea591803-3e7c-4c42-a91a-55f5eb7612d8"
refreshToken:"ubx0msV25v091p1CUYAfdGTV3DW7Gjs6"
userName:"520aab0bef1146c2bacbacdf032ce378"
type:"personalcloud"
 
‘canBrowse’ and ‘canSave’ and other properties do not exist in current implementation.Does webtop delete them on purpose? In client code, these properties help to determine if user can upload files or create folders.

Thanks,
Larry 


Hi Shaun, Rohit,

‘canBrowse’, ‘canCreateDirectory’, ‘canSave’ return default values. I think this is a good idea.

transitionPolicy – In fact that I don’t know exactly what this is for.The client code about cloud are not developed by our team at the beginning.

But I can provide something I know about this property.

‘transionPolicy’ has three possible values: "none", "all" and "single". In Etisalat, the property of cloud is ‘single’,and hugemail’s is ‘all’. Looks it also has something to do with hugemail.

In my test, it seems that it may not affect cloud functionalities event if it doesn’t exist. I suggest we can ignore it now.

Thanks,
Larry
