
* In CHOCO, this functionality works as expected in issue above, but it results in some bugs. In ux2.2, signature position will be below the original email If changing signature manually, then there are no bugs about this. So choose the latter. Thanks. (periddot-10912)
* hi,Thunder Liu, in 'msgheaderlist' response , if forwarded="0", client will not show forward icon. if forwarded="1", client will show forward icon. In CMPS environment, the response of a forwarded mail contains forwarded="0". I think this maybe be a server issue. Please have a check. Thanks.(peridot-10785)
* Hi,Massimiliano Bertolini.since the includeDomain is added in custom webtop-config.xml, so relative js code should be added in custom js code. About attachmentviewbtn and conversationbtn show, I suggest to modify the onSwitchAccount method in richui\app\controller\mail\Mail.js. Thanks.(peridot-10897)
* when enable use my device timezone and browser can't detect current timezone, set the timezone whose offset is same current timezone.(peridot-10983)
* If only expand Cc/Bcc field or change format to other one (like default one is rich, change it to plain), these are not data,it will not save, so these changes will not display in dock window. Thanks.(peridot-10997)

-------------------------------------------------------------
* The behavior described above is actually working as expected:
Automatically insert signature after clicking "reply" or "forward" can insert the signature above or below the quote according to the settings. But manually insert can only insert below the quote regardless of the settings due to some technical limitation.


* Hi Thunder,
This looks like a server issue. "forwarded" is 0 in the 'msgheaderlist' response in CPMS environment. Please take a look.


* Hi Massimiliano,
Since the "includeDomain" is added in customizaed webtop-config.xml, I think the relevant client changes should be done as customization too. To control the "attachment view"/"conversation view" option status, you can modify the "onSwitchAccount" method in richui\app\controller\mail\Mail.js in customization layer.

* When "use my device timezone" is enabled, client will automatically select one from the server responsed timezone list by matching the offset.

* Actions like toggling cc/bcc and switching rich/plain format do not trigger any data change that can be saved to draft data, hence opening message from dock window is not able to keep this kind of UI status.
