In fact, this is a regression of chrome (v53.0). Now the issue can not reproduce in 54.0 version and 55.0 version, so resolve it. Thanks.(peridot-10056)
hi Sean Smith
talk with QA, there are several different errors when add alias:
case 1
when test. login to testuser1@test.qa, after creating serval alias emails, contains testUser1@test.qa, testuSer1@test.qa, Testuser1@test.qa, when create tEstuser1@test.qa as alias email,it will response error.
case 2
when add a alias emails which is exist in other users' alias list,it will response error
my questions:
1. if the alias is as same as user email with case-insensitive , how many alias user can create? it seems indefinite.
2. how many errors in total? please tell me which property I can use to judge different error. client need the property to alert different warning message.
thanks 
larry
(peridot-9464)
hi Mark Green, after create a recurrent event with ending after 12345678901 times ( refer to attachment calendar_request.png), there is not 'count' property in the response (refer to attachment calendar_response.png).so I think this is a service issue. Please check it. thanks.(peridot-9747)

hi all,
after investigating , yahoo and appsuite set the first email as default email, and office 365 can set the searching email when adding to contact list as default email.it seems that our email about contact group is better than yahoo and appsuite. if we want to make contact group like office 365, then it need service help.(peridot-9842)
